Set expectations for the Synthetics Recorder (#2866)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/synthetics-recorder.asciidoc

beta[]

> IMPORTANT: As with any script recording technology, the Elastic Synthetics Recorder should be thought of as a tool to help create the main structure of the script. For simpler sites it may well be enough to have created the final script, but for more complex and dynamic sites, or to limit flakiness, some further scripting may be needed.

Reviewer: What do you think about something like this?

```suggestion
IMPORTANT: As with any script recording technology, the Elastic Synthetics Recorder should be used as a tool to help create the main structure of the script. For simpler sites, you may be able to use the Synthetics Recorder's output directly to create a synthetic monitor, but for more complex and dynamic sites, or to limit flakiness, you'll likely need to edit its output before using it to create a monitor.
```
